Timeline -
	Objectives - working
	New Tasks - working
		View - Tasks - Working
		Edit - Tasks - Working

Add a delete button for Objectives/Tasks?

Refresh Form/Refresh Page buttons appear at random on Tasks form when trying to Update.

Tasks - View/Edit buttons do not work or work at random.

Restructure the group lists as lookup column.

Dependency indication for item. tooltip

Change Names in groups for GO/SL visits and HAF Events - User Story (3 Points) - 1
Refactor Category Cloumn in SP list to lookup. - User Story (5 Points) - 2
arrange items by date vertically. - User Story (5 Points) - 1
	make 1 month the default - User Story (3 Points) - 1
fix bugs and make the timeline properly centered - Bugs (30 mins each) - 1
Make group clickable to display modal - User Story (5 Points) - 1
Make Milestones and tasks clickable to workspace - User Story (5 Points) - 1
hide items that are out of range on the timeline - User Story (5 Points) - 2
Change colored shapes/text for items to black text with custom colored icons - Enhancements (30 min.) - 3
Add custom colored icons to the Group label on the timeline - Enhancements (30 min.) - 3
Create tab view for Events Calendar and objectives calendar, and separate them. - User Story (8 Points) - 3 
Dependency flag on item indicating that the milestone or task has others dependencey - 1
Add (S) to Operational Context. - enhancement. - 1 

Add white background to the favorite's star on the modal. - enhancement
Add a Close button to modal????????? - enhancement



As an AO
I need timeline-row labels arranged
so that they will be vertically in-box centered


As an AO
I need milestone/task indicators
so that other items depending on it are identifiable


As an AO
I need to rearrange obejctive-details modal
so that it will be clickable by group background


As an AO 
I need to make timeline items clickabale
so that it will navigate to the workspace

1) 
As a developer
I need Strat Cal code refactored
so that Categories will be lookup based

1) As an AO
I need the items to appear listed by due date
so that I can read what is due from top to bottom



enhancements: 
	add "text-align: center;" to timeline.vue CSS
	Change text and icons for the timeline.

