CSS distro list
olsen wants full control 
add a method to auto update her removing a user from the distro list will remove a user from the SharePoint site.
not possile, 2 separate systems, active directory is separate from sharepoint.

Wait til' Kalimatta.

On Submit Form:
	remove Full Name

	replace block 2. Indefintie Re-enlistment (after 12 years TIS) with "First-term Airman BOP" under the Reason of Priority
	replace the digits with the priority word. 

	remove "for assignment only" from all of the fields for "SRB Zone", "CMS Case", "Re-Up Date of Preference", "RNLTD", 

	add "(Valid for 30 days)" to "Article 137 Briefing date"

	Remove "CMS Case for assigment only"

	Add a field "SNCO Only: Promotion line number" (non required field)
	string of digits - a three, four, or five digit number

	rename Global lookup to Full Name and make it required.
	in Full Name write Full Name (Last Name, First Name)

	Remove "Organization"
	Do not make Unit/Squadron optional. requiered

Research: 
Can't be less than 48 hours error message and check for Re-Up Date of Preference (for Assignemnt Only)
Add Cant be less than 48 hours error message to Date of Separation
RNLTD and Article error message for date before today.

Add Pass Code to the sumbit form so it can be used as a password. This is unit code, a four digit number. Make it a required. 

Remove fields from Edit form:
	MPF Technician 
	Date Completed

Power Automate for sending Pertinent Info email. send to Full Name for when the MPF Technician is assigned.

when Extensions for Request Type is selected, add new fields.


add km workflow to contact support.

Under Contacts add the org box for the MPF center.
	Org Box		Phone Number		Option number





















i wnt josh
yawn contagious
watch he'll come back with it Calvin said about his driver's license.
Brandon said hey man.
what I say too said mom.
from the crying game calvin said about ra and ra being queer
I remmeber that.
IQ go up said mom.
Cigarettes and bought the farm.
Cassie she said.
Sterilize them they said to them.
the enemy of my enemy is my friend he said.
senoir.
Texas I said to Uncle Tommy.
My Hannibal Lecter would be tripping over stuff.
Hated the dog said dad.
tracey and "This is she." she said.
not random she said.
Brad shook my hand.
Too much t.v. said Oma, Welweeta she said, mom and Oma being pretty.
real stud said Jennifer, Dad said it was real quiet with all of the snow.
You don't have second sight she said.
Mom's dad's puppett made Calvin laugh.
building a wireframe.
Yannick and graduated I told him.
Afro boy production.
He came back said mom. Hes not that funny. Mitchell cared about how he looked he said. Are you still mad at me I said or asked him.
a girlfriend I said to Sav.
Oma was in here when I did my impression.
Alchemy at SAU I said to them and all.
Pick up your stehtoscope and walk.
New haircut said Calvin.
put your foot in yur mouth I said. Carl said I had better social skills.
That girl looked at ya' said mom. mahm.
I'm putting him to work he said.
Wallered all over me said mom.
You were wide awake said Austin, Is the dumbest fucking title I have ever heard said Calvin.
Mom knew not about Alicia.
Jarrad and cut the cheese joke.
Bridgette said those things are gross she said.
MF word I said about M & M.
Mathemagic they said. Our old friend he said. Mom and how queer Wendell Caskey was in his senior picture.
Calvin and the stupid waving in the fifth grade at the dugout.
He reads loud they said.
And walk away about shania, if shania was mine, the stupid dancing in the fourth grade.
Francis phone call said mom.
Boy that cat sure got after yo' ass said Zach.
Rolled his eyes said Ceila, Mom thought it was Ceila.
Burt called him what's his nut about Kyle.
Ghost Riders in the sky sang Oma.
S and the piggies.
Don't you wish you had one of these said Jennifer.
Chyenne said hey why you going to bed so early.
Shane just nodded when I thought I was quitting over my badge.
Whoa! You were skinny in SAU card said mom.
You ain't the only one that knows some shit said Mitchell to Burt.
Djonn looked up when I said SAU.
the bee sting scared me when i was 13.
face go back to the right color said Shaw. Was that your grandma asked the black security guard in little rock.
Too bad Josh's hasn't done that said Calvin, and then he said you know I'm joking. Everlaine was mad at me.
Access to memories.
Mom called and said I got to go.